# rtf-extraction
**Description**:
This code written in java, downloads RTF (Rich text fields) of Lotus Notes Document to Microsoft Word .rtf file along with all inline images and embedded files.
Everything is zipped together and put in lotus notes document which can be viewed in a lotus notes view.
The RTF of lotus notes document may contain inline images or embedded files. Everything will get downloaded to a folder for each document.
Inline images present in RTF could be of type png, jpeg, jpg or gif (If any other extension is required to be downloaded, it can be updated in code of JavaAgent.java).
Embedded files present in RTF could be of type pdf, zip, doc, docx, mht, msg, xls, jpg, jpeg, png, gif, ppt or pptx (If any other extension is required to be downloaded, it can be updated in code of DFiles.java)

**Pre-requisites**:
Java and Lotus notes must be installed in machine.

**Dependency**:
Jsoup jar file

**Requirements/Suggestions to run agent**:
A form needs to be created in Lotus Notes to attach the zipped folder to Lotus Notes document(Form name used in code is 'ExportFromJSoup').
The form containing zipped folder can be opened by creating its corresponding view with formula (SELECT FORM = "ExportFromJSoup").
SlLog.java is to put all logs generated by the agent in same lotus notes database.
A form needs to be created to put all logs to lotus notes document - form name used in current code is 'Log'.
Correspoding view can be created with formula (SELECT FORM = "Log")

**NOTE** - Web URLs must not be secured with https. If so, then valid SSL certifcation code needs to be added to code JavaAgent.java
